## BSD 3-clause License

Copyright (c) 2018, Addison Lynch and Adriano http://rsvp.github.com. *All rights reserved.*

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    - Neither the name of Github nor the names of its contributors 
      may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
      this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


### BSD-License APPROVALS

    - FSF approval:  Free Software Foundation
    - OSI approval:  Open Source Initiative
    - DFSG approval: Debian Free Software Guidelines

Code licensed under the BSD licence can be relicensed under the GPL (is
"GPL-compatible") without securing the consent of all original authors. 


### Further TERMS and CONDITIONS

The term "Site" below shall refer either to our web site or to the
downloadable contents of the repository therein, including but not limited to
software code, documentation, data, and forked versions which are accessible
through the internet.

We make no warranty, express or implied, concerning the service and material
on our Site. The services provided by us and our third party providers are on
an "AS IS" basis at your sole risk.  We expressly disclaim any implied
warranty of merchantability or fitness for any purpose with respect to
quality, accuracy, completeness, reliability, performance, timeliness, or
continued availability.  We do not assume any responsibility to maintain the
data and services or to supply any corrections and updates.  Availability of
data and services are subject to change without notice.

We shall have no liability, contingent or otherwise, to you or to third
parties, for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, reliability, or any other
aspect of the performance of our service. In no event will we be liable for
any special, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages which may be
incurred or experienced on account of you using the data or our services.
Furthermore, we make no warranty whatsoever to you, express or implied,
regarding the security of our Site. 

Our service may provide external links, sponsored and maintained by third
parties, solely as a convenience to you. We make no representations concerning
external content. The fact that we have provided a web link does not
constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by us
with respect to the external site, its owners, or its providers. We have not
completely tested information, software, or products found on other sites and
therefore do not make any representations with respect to the suitability or
appropriateness of their content.


### Content should not be construed as a solicitation or recommendation

Our material has been prepared for informational and educational purposes
only, without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial
situation or means.  We are not soliciting any action based upon it. Our
material is not to be construed as a recommendation; or an offer to buy or
sell; or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security, financial
product, or instrument.

Financial instruments, such as futures and options, described on our Site may
involve significant risks, and you should not enter into any transactions
unless you have fully understood all such risks and independently determined
that such transactions are appropriate for you. Trading strategies give rise
to substantial risk and may not be suitable for you. 

Any discussion of risks should not be considered to be a disclosure of all
risks. Although our material is based upon information that we consider
reliable, we do not represent that our material is accurate, current, or
complete and it should not be relied upon as such.

You should neither construe any of our material as business, financial,
investment, hedging, trading, legal, regulatory, tax, or accounting advice nor
make our service the primary basis for any investment decisions made by or on
behalf of you, your accountants, or your managed or fiduciary accounts.


